h1. CouchDB Surveys

This package is in *ALPHA* now. Its purpose is to offer simple surveys, fully processed within CouchDB.

Features (%{color:lightgreen}green% completed):

# Define surveys
## %{color:lightgreen}As JSON document% - read _survey.textile_ for syntax
## %{color:lightgreen}From CouchDB admin panel%
## From a web form
# %{color:lightgreen}Display list of defined surveys%
# %{color:lightgreen}Display single survey as a web form%
# %{color:lightgreen}Save survey to CouchDB%
# Display result summary

h1. Deploying this app

Assuming you just cloned this app from git, and you have changed into the app directory in your terminal, you want to push it to your CouchDB with the CouchApp command line tool, like this:

<pre><code>
    couchapp push . http://name:password@hostname:5984/mydatabase
</code></pre>

If you don't have a password on your CouchDB (admin party) you can do it like this (but it's a bad, idea, set a password):

<pre><code>
    couchapp push . http://hostname:5984/mydatabase
</code></pre>

If you get sick of typing the URL, you should setup a `.couchapprc` file in the root of your directory. Remember not to check this into version control as it will have passwords in it.

The `.couchapprc` file should have contents like this:

<pre><code>
    {
      "env" : {
        "public" : {
          "db" : "http://name:pass@mycouch.couchone.com/mydatabase"
        },
        "default" : {
          "db" : "http://name:pass@localhost:5984/mydatabase"
        }
      }
    }
</code></pre>

Now that you have the `.couchapprc` file set up, you can push your app to the CouchDB as simply as:

<pre><code>
    couchapp push
</code></pre>

This pushes to the `default` as specified. To push to the `public` you'd run:

<pre><code>
    couchapp push public
</code></pre>

Of course you can continue to add more deployment targets as you see fit, and give them whatever names you like.

h1. Eclipse

This project is being pushed to GitHub from Eclipse so you should be able to easily import it into Eclipse as well.

h1. CouchApp

This application was created based on CouchApp template.

CouchApps are web applications which can be served directly from "CouchDB":http://couchdb.apache.org. This gives them the nice property of replicating just like any other data stored in CouchDB. They are also simple to write as they can use the built-in jQuery libraries and plugins that ship with CouchDB.

"More info about CouchApps here":http://couchapp.org