h1. Survey Template

A survey is single CouchDB document. Order of questions is defined by "order" attribute. Questions are attributes referenced from "order".

<pre><code>
{
   "_id": "5baf93a6d0e7fe88ba1540506500031c",
   "_rev": "1-ac40d064a8441240c3acbad17be44350",
   "type": "survey",
   "title": "Animals survey",
   "order": [
       "question1",
       "question2",
       "question3"
   ],
   "question1": {
       "ask" : "What animal do you like most?",
       "type" : "radio",
       "answers": [
           "Cat",
           "Horse",
           "Donkey",
           "Dog"
       ]
   },
   "question2": {
       "ask" : "What colors do you like?",
       "type" : "checkbox",
       "answers" : [
           "Red",
           "Brown",
           "Black",
           "Green"
       ]
   },
   "question3": {
       "ask": "Please enter your name",
       "type": "text",
       "answers" : [ "" ]
   }
}
</code></pre>

Notes:

# "type" field is just as in HTML5 input type= attribute
# "answers" is required even in "text" type questions to display empty text box

h1. Survey Response Template

Answer is also passed as a single document. Each answer is marked by the person who returned it.

<pre><code>
{
	"_id" : "091203981092",
	
	"type" : "survey_response",
	"response_to" : "182938172983",
	"created_at" : "2011-02-24T16:56:00.917Z",
	"respondent" : "Mary Smith",
	"order" : [ "question1", "question2", "question3" ]
	
	"question1" : ["Horse"],
	"question2" : ["Brown","Black"],
	"question3" : ["dddd"],
	
}
</code></pre>

h1. Implementation

h2. Completing survey

The following operations need to happen to complete survey:

# Display survey list - *list* ??all-surveys?? with links to *show* ??show-survey??
# Show survey - build response form, looping on ??questions??, then looping on ??answers??
# On submit
## JavaScript to build a response block
## Respondent identity -> take from user context

h2. Adding survey

h2. Views

* ??view-all-surveys?? - return all surveys in database (doc.type=="survey")

h2. Lists

* ??list-all-surveys??

h1. Shows

* ??show-survey??